Shut up, Mr. Long
There's something wrong with both of them
Don't know him in general
I will definitely educate them well.
Dad, how can you say that about us?
Just provoke dad, what's wrong with you today?
Shut up and say one more word
I'll take back the shares I gave you
Dean Zhu, your daughter and son-in-law
Forcing me to kneel down for them
And I'm dying for my fiancee
Do you think they shouldn't apologize to me?
What a crime
Hahaha, Mr. Long, don't worry.
I'll ask them to post it for you right away.
Don't let them kneel down and apologize to me
Knock until I'm satisfied
So what if you know my father-in-law?
Don't push on your nose
Kneel down and apologize
And your dad, what the hell is going on with you today?
kneel down
Otherwise, I will take back the shares of Yiguan and Ye Ye
You don't need to go back to our Chu family
Longjingtian, wait for me
Longjingtian, don't be too proud
We have come to Japan for a long time